"Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen six, result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pound ought and six, result misery." ~Charles Dickens
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." ~Thomas Edison
"What we really want to do is what we are really meant to do. When we do what we are meant to do, money comes to us, doors open for us, we feel useful, and the work we do feels like play to us." ~Julia Cameron
"I never attempt to make money on the stock market. I buy on the assumption that they could close the market the next day and not reopen it for ten years." ~Warren Buffett
"A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore." ~Yogi Berra
"Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of filling a vacuum, it makes one." ~Benjamin Franklin
"Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time." ~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Formal education will make you a living; self" ~education will make you a fortune.
"Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver." ~Ayn Rand
"Financial peace isn't the acquisition of stuff. It's learning to live on less than you make, so you can give money back and have money to invest. You can't win until you do this." ~Dave Ramsey
"It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor." ~Seneca
"It’s not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It’s the customer who pays the wages." ~Henry Ford
"He who loses money, loses much; He who loses a friend, loses much more; He who loses faith, loses all." ~Eleanor Roosevelt
"Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort." ~Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that." ~Norman Vincent Peale
"It’s good to have money and the things that money can buy, but it’s good, too, to check up once in a while and make sure that you haven’t lost the things that money can’t buy." ~George Lorimer
"You can only become truly accomplished at something you love. Don’t make money your goal. Instead, pursue the things you love doing, and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off you." ~Maya Angelou
"Buy when everyone else is selling and hold until everyone else is buying. That’s not just a catchy slogan. It’s the very essence of successful investing." ~J. Paul Getty
"If money is your hope for independence you will never have it. The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability." ~Henry Ford
"If all the economists were laid end to end, they’d never reach a conclusion." ~George Bernard Shaw
"How many millionaires do you know who have become wealthy by investing in savings accounts? I rest my case." ~Robert G. Allen
"I made my money the old" ~fashioned way. I was very nice to a wealthy relative right before he died.
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." ~Steve Jobs
"The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money." ~Anonymous
"Money is a terrible master but an excellent servant." ~P.T. Barnum
"Try to save something while your salary is small; it’s impossible to save after you begin to earn more." ~Jack Benny
"Wealth is the ability to fully experience life." ~Henry David Thoreau
"The individual investor should act consistently as an investor and not as a speculator." ~Ben Graham
"I’m a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it." ~Thomas Jefferson
"You must gain control over your money or the lack of it will forever control you." ~Dave Ramsey
"Investing should be more like watching paint dry or watching grass grow. If you want excitement, take $800 and go to Las Vegas." ~Paul Samuelson
"Every time you borrow money, you're robbing your future self." ~Nathan W. Morris
"Rich people have small TVs and big libraries, and poor people have small libraries and big TVs." ~Zig Ziglar
"Never spend your money before you have it." ~Thomas Jefferson
"The stock market is filled with individuals who know the price of everything, but the value of nothing." ~Phillip Fisher
"Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it." ~Benjamin Franklin
"It's not how much money you make, but how much money you keep, how hard it works for you, and how many generations you keep it for." ~Robert Kiyosaki
"I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work." ~Thomas A. Edison
"If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you know & start charging for it." ~Kim Garst
"The habit of saving is itself an education; it fosters every virtue, teaches self" ~denial, cultivates the sense of order, trains to forethought, and so broadens the mind.
"Don't tell me what you value, show me your budget, and I'll tell you what you value." ~Joe Biden
"If you live for having it all, what you have is never enough." ~Vicki Robin
